added details about reset to 5TB (#3793)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/change-user-storage.md

When you need cloud storage for individual users beyond the initial 5 TB, additional cloud storage will be granted as follows:

> - When a user has filled their 5 TB of OneDrive storage to at least 90% capacity, Microsoft will increase your default storage space in OneDrive to up to 25 TB per user (admins may set a lower per-user limit if they want to). The storage limit will be reset to 5TB if OneDrive storage utilization drop below 90% capacity of 5TB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a user has filled their 5 TB of OneDrive storage to at least 90% capacity, Microsoft will increase your default storage space in OneDrive to up to 25 TB per user (admins may set a lower per-user limit if they want to). The storage limit will be reset to 5 TB if OneDrive storage utilization drops below 90% of the 5 TB capacity.
```
